PAUL LEWIS: I'm such an idiot.
I know that errors
are going to happen.
And so help me, I
should write code
that says when an error
happens, what actually happened.
But I was-- I didn't.
In my Python, I had
this template not found.
And now you can see
here in the code,
it actually says, template not
found, and then the template
I was looking for,
and then which file
is actually requested by.
If you look at the code before
this, it said, not found.
That was it.
That's all it said.
And what I found was
that the build script,
the Travis build
script, was not working.
It was failing.
And I was like,
(STUTTERING) but why?
So in a previous
video, I mentioned
I couldn't get the
Travis stuff working.
The Travis image wasn't working.
And a bit of a Google around
and somebody else [INAUDIBLE]
said, you just want to restart
your default Docker machine.
So it's like, docker dash
machine stop default and then
docker dash machine start
default. And what that does
is it restarts the default
Docker machine, which
is kind of what you'd expect,
given the name of the command.
And after that, I
could download Travis.
So I downloaded
the Travis image,
which was about a gig and a
half, I think, in the end.
It was pretty
sizable, this thing,
so that took a while to do.
So I'm sitting there
kind of like, mm-hmm.
Got the file, go to
Travis image, boot it up,
and I went in and I run each
command, command, command.
Because this is
what I was saying
on on the log for the Travis.
It goes, blah, blah,
blah, doing a thing.
And then it just says, well,
it was saying, not found.
Now, this is the
interim version,
which was still not building.
It says, template not
found sections home.
And I was like, what?
Why?
What?
So anyway, I get it running,
duplicate all the steps
that this is going through
on that Travis image.
And it turns out that because
it's a fresh clone, even
after the MPM installed, I
haven't actually run a build.
So I don't actually bake out
the styles and the JavaScript
as part of the Travis script.
And so now you can
see in the Travis YAML
the last thing it does is an
MPM run build to actually make
the JavaScript and CSS work.
And I've learned
something-- re-learned
an old lesson, which
is if you actually
output what the actual
problem is, then
you will actually discover what
the probable solution will be.
Rather than just
writing not found,
I actually have slightly more
meaningful messages here.
Probably won't be the
last time it bites me.
But it did, and it took me
probably a good couple of hours
last night to try and get to
the bottom of why it was--
an embarrassingly long time.
But that's what happens.
So there you go, yeah.
Subscribe to the channel
if you want more of these.
Thank you so many--
thank you so many?
No, try that again, Paul.
Thank you for all the
comments and all the questions
and all that kind of stuff.
You can get the code on GitHub,
and you should definitely
go and take a look.
You can see what I'm doing.
I'm just committing
stuff in as I go.
And it's really fun to
share all this with you.
So thank you for joining me.
As I say, subscribe if
you want to get more.
And I'll catch you
in the next entry.